I genuinely don't see anywhere to be
able to do that on my screens that I
always have the problem where I forget
to sign in in the mornings and then the
record button doesn't let me do anything
down there next to the chat button and
it just like nope
can't record okay everyone can see my
screen okay alright okay
so thanks everyone this is the
goulancourt dev team weekly sync for
June 2019 I'm not going to go over the
agenda because we do these regularly but
we're gonna do notes nothing different
today so if anyone chats just kind of
shout it out I can't see them at the
moment by that we have no announcements
unless someone wants to add those in
right now you have no blocks or needs at
the moment I'm sure those are gonna come
up as we go to the individual this isn't
quite an announcement or a blocker but
it's like an alternate topic and I know
when we first started having these
meetings we decided that we would record
them and then we would stick them in a
drive folder and I think we're the only
working group that does that all of
their working groups eventually end up
publishing into YouTube was curious if
we thought more about that or if anyone
was averse to starting to put recordings
of our weekly meetings up on YouTube to
make them more accessible to the
community to understand the stuff we're
working on and kind of index into our
projects
I'm personally fine with that I can't
speak for everyone else they would happy
be final say hey do the descriptions for
the videos tend to have the love the
notes links in them because I feel like
otherwise it's just there's just too
much information for it to be valuable
to anyone
historically were very lazy about
filling out descriptions but given that
we would start doing it we could define
the model by which we did it
I I wouldn't mind taking that too I used
to do that for the weekly All Hands
any concerns concerns are valid like no
this means that for example if we're
eating our breakfast in the morning we
might end up eating our breakfast in the
morning on on a YouTube video that is
now public into our community indexable
over time which I have done and exists
on our YouTube channel so that if
there's also this is also the occasional
like we have to deal with file clean
stuff but I don't know if that's in this
belongs in this video or a different one
I think I think file coin is you know a
publicly accessible project on on github
and most ever the work we need to
support them at this point should be you
know public and accessible to our
community goes into a public repo anyway
the conversations end up being public
mostly private conversations should go
into a separate call giving happening
would you really do at least seen a
couple times where we've called that out
and with those conversations cool my
share I can make two beats on that like
that the golden rule or the the guiding
point is like as a BFS project and I
view this community we are serving like
all the assistants and all the users at
the same time and we want to make sure
that we can be contributing and also
enable others to do so when we put our
protocol apps hats we sometimes have to
take some priorities even like internal
company that is sponsoring out time and
both of those loads are super ok but
like but you don't want to create easy
conversation where the community cannot
participate where the community voice is
not heard because it's not attached to
your my protocol hab whoa labs had
priorities so if you feel like you're
eating one of those conversations or one
of those topics just like take a little
message to the sign is ultimately what
you want is the community to be like
talking about at the fest and like the
open use cases and like whatever
like they can they can like be far off
[Music]
all right so I don't I don't hear anyone
offering concerns I'll make an issue and
maybe we can start doing that going
forward Molly oh sorry but that's at
that times four yes let's go to the
current ipfs initiatives first off is
datastore which I think magic is what
none yeah so dare you there are no
updates for me there is one item from
about in about priority queue a garbage
collecting butter which is how it should
be done when using butter so needs to be
looked at cool next up is a pizza anyway
yeah yesterday did some optimizations
really finding providers I could merge
that and then that should be a good
thing to the next release um I spent a
lot of the week trying to get this
realistic test net with the DHT ax and
had some real weird bugs that I
eventually believed possibly so I'm just
testing this is all just a test so like
I'm using trying to figure out what's
going on and I tracked it down to the
blocks generator or sorry not the block
scenery that when the see IDs are
encoded and decoded in the messages that
something is going wrong with them
wondering because I'm using the blocks
generator if it's possible that the
block generator is not set up
properly for like the latest CID v1 plus
phase 32 I have no idea I don't know why
it would matter but just I don't know
I'm gonna keep tracking that down I feel
like I finally know where it is and once
I know anyway so yeah I lost a lot of
time to that unfortunately difficult bug
but at least I think I know where it is
that's what I did and yeah oh this week
I'm going to be moving on to sorry uh
[Music]
moving sessions to also I'm out most of
this week for vacation heads up nice
next up is core API back to you magic
yeah so this week was mostly fixing
small box and like tracking them down
there are still many and the other thing
was I pushed some updates to it if
assemble is sure to get it ready for the
new constructor and to update they
picket and also for the tool to
denote their parameters or yes I'm here
that for proofs cool next up is provider
records which I'm working on the first
provider strategy which is to provide
nothing which is a new feature to be
able to do that without disabled
disabled and content wrapping is merged
I'm working on the next strategy which
is just roots this is all under an
experimental flag and I'm just sort of
trickling in these strategies to figure
out how the oh this should be
implemented and I'm just continuing work
on that next up is the base 32 cb-cid v1
which I think Steven here the last one
done to touch this stuff
yes nothing's changed great alright
IP FS / fuse Dominic yeah sure
so recently I've been reading a ton of
documentation on like other file systems
and basically just trying to find all
that it's the differences in
discrepancies between them and I'm
trying to take some of the stuff that
I've learned in doing that and pull that
into our interfaces so of note was
playing nines file system protocol which
just has some very interesting stuff in
regards to like whether something is or
is not local and how you handle caching
and things like that around that so just
I've been reading a lot of that and
trying to incorporate that into this
file system interface stuff and that's
basically it for me
next step is sorry about the noise next
up is Gateway performance I'm not sure
who is representing this at the moment
we have any update and speak to this so
I can give a short update I it has come
to head again so we're looking into it
again because it looks entirely related
to finding provider records and
publishing provider records so yeah
Jeremy and a bunch of people actually
we're looking at DHT issues we're trying
to solve that but that's the only update
there Steven can you if you if you get a
quick moment can you connect those
people with me because we at least have
a thing that they can do to turn off the
testing of providing at the very minimum
that luckily is no longer the issue as
far as we know that the main issue is
more than like it's like sending a
provider but I could currently just take
forever because like okay well the the
short version is guy we try to find the
closest peers or the closest peers the
key and then we tell them about the
prior record the problem is trying to
find the closest peers takes forever
it just doesn't returns them when we
timeout we timeout there we never
actually send any provider records
instead of like finding closest peers
and then immediately telling them about
the date the up the record yeah okay
understood Thanks next up is grassing
hana no major update other than we
oughta
looks like someone's busy away with
process improvements at the moment I'm
just adding some notes about release
process improvements I think there's
some opportunity for us to improve our
engineering practice around how we do
our releases and so Steve and I had a
chat about
that curious kind of what we foresee is
the the next steps for taking that on
I'm happy to kind of set up a group to
do and then you postmortem
which is a practice I'm a huge fan of
for kind of talking about what we can be
doing better I think there's some stuff
related to CI to interrupt tests
December but curious if if other folks
have have ideas or within the right
format is to take this forward into
implementation yeah I wonder if if you
do to parse modem parse smart I'm sorry
and if that ended up in an issue if that
would be a good way to go about it
that's for me and I can write up a a
quick framework and then send it out to
the group for people to kind of populate
some stuff into I know that people not
just in this call but like on other
teams also probably have feedback on how
we could do this better or adopt some
best practices from other groups so I
can write up a a quick framework but
then ask for everyone to add their good
ideas about what we can do to improve
and what's been difficult and annoying
in the past that we want to take the
time to things okay let's try to make a
nut to even follow up next week maybe
that sounds really good so that's next
one I added let me know if this was
wrong but it feels like this is gonna be
a thing that we'll talk about moving
forward so we're trying to improve the
garbage garbage collection system to be
less intrusive and more performant
there's probably a variety of things
that we're trying to do I think that was
the gist of it started when there was a
kick off with kuba and Stephen the
coming from that was basically just to
start gathering all the existing
relevant issues into the master issues I
am still have the providing work going
so my plan is to just kind of keep this
work active the GC work acted by
tackling low-hanging fruit just like
gathering information getting
the right people and conversations that
needs to happen and then the other thing
that I wanted to call out so that people
could squash this if it needs to be
squash really which is that I plan on
doing the new GC stuff experimental from
the beginning so that we can kind of do
the same thing we're doing providing
which is kind of get an early feedback
in and get an idea of what of what our
thinking is actually how it's panning
out in real life and that's good that's
it for beverages question I'll note that
my plan was not squashed so moving
honest I penis a Dean I think you're
gonna yeah yep that's me so I I finished
the stuff from last week in terms of
rewriting the pub/sub of rocky and I
stuff to live mostly up the Golub p2p
pub/sub router package which is
basically like a value store wrapper
around pub/sub so I'm just trying to get
some sympathy arse with that kind of
push through there's a discovery one and
there's this other one that's gonna have
to go out with moving all the data
moving all these changes you know in
semester I did some work on a stateful
rendezvous client that implements the
discovery interface so that we can then
go and use that with pub/sub and then
we'll have a rendezvous server operable
IP NS if we want to there's some PRS for
that and then I've got to make go ipfs
actually be able to process one of these
rendezvous servers and say hey I want to
connect to you so I'll be working on
that in addition to some demos over the
coming week awesome I think that's all
the initiatives that we have Christine
updates
then thanks I think you're working on
that yep yeah just a pretty small update
I've kind of finished my little bit
Tesla vacation working on some core the
p2p issues and this week I am gonna
break ground on a test lab plugin for
ipfs cluster so Adrian had a yeast case
where he just wanted to be able to have
the test lab configure a cluster and
automatically you can connect everything
together
that's exactly type of thing that it's
capable of doing it doesn't have to run
benchmarks if you don't want it to so I
figured this would be like a really
great little proof of concept for that
team so that's probably gonna be my
focus I also have some DHT stuff that
I'll be working on but that's the big
test something for me
great anyone else have any other
crossbeam updates that are posted here
I'll take silence and so no we seems we
have no wins or celebrations did we get
the did that release candidate make its
way out get them together the release
actually made its way out says hold on I
didn't add up the it's nice cool yeah so
it's it's working nice always good news
many questions or anything like that
before we wrap up great
awesome thank you everyone for for
joining us have a good week and we'll
see you next week one one update
actually I am probably where I am going
to be out maybe the second half of
Thursday and definitely all Friday
remember the sweating so I possibly
reach full but it'll be intimate
understood thanks for that day happy
wedding skills take care